♪ ♪
♪ OOO I BET YOU'RE
WONDERIN' HOW I KNEW ♪
♪ 'BOUT YOUR PLANS
TO MAKE ME BLUE ♪
♪ WITH SOME OTHER GUY
THAT YOU KNEW BEFORE ♪
♪ BETWEEN THE TWO OF US GUYS
YOU KNOW I LOVED YOU MORE ♪
♪ IT TOOK ME BY SURPRISE
I MUST SAY ♪
♪ WHEN I FOUND
OUT YESTERDAY ♪
♪ OOO I HEARD IT THROUGH
THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ NOT MUCH LONGER WOULD
YOU BE MINE ♪
♪ OOO I HEARD IT THROUGH
THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ AND I'M JUST ABOUT
TO LOSE MY MIND ♪
♪ HONEY, HONEY YEAH ♪
♪ YOU KNOW THAT A MAN
AIN'T SUPPOSED TO CRY ♪
♪ BUT THESE TEARS
I CAN'T HOLD INSIDE ♪
♪ LOSIN' YOU WOULD
END MY LIFE YOU SEE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU MEAN
THAT MUCH TO ME ♪
♪ YOU COULD HAVE
TOLD ME YOURSELF ♪
♪ THAT YOU FOUND
SOMEONE ELSE ♪
♪ INSTEAD I HEARD IT
THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ NOT MUCH LONGER
WOULD YOU BE MINE ♪
♪ OOO I HEARD IT
THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ AND I'M JUST ABOUT
TO LOSE MY MIND ♪
♪ HONEY, HONEY YEAH ♪
♪ ♪
♪ PEOPLE SAY YOU BELIEVE
HALF FROM WHAT YOU SEE ♪
♪ NON NON NONE
FROM WHAT YOU HEAR ♪
♪ I CAN'T HELP
BEING CONFUSED ♪
♪ IF IT'S TRUE WON'T
TELL ME HERE ♪
♪ DO YOU PLAN TO LET ME GO ♪
♪ FOR THE OTHER GUY THAT
YOU KNEW BEFORE? ♪
♪ OOO I HEARD IT
THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ NOT MUCH LONGER
WOULD YOU BE MINE ♪
♪ OOO I HEARD IT
THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE ♪
♪ AND I'M JUST ABOUT
TO LOSS MY MIND ♪
♪ HONEY, HONEY, YEAH ♪
♪ ♪